#Weekly Update
#Week of September 1st, 2024
#Senior Design

#Kajsa Pruner
This week I created this respitory in Github so that we can have somewhere to publish all our work, code and weekly updates. Our first class we had together we discussed when we will meet
and we decided to meet every tuesday at 1:30 until about 4pm, depending on how much we will get done and how much we have to do. Additionally we talked about maybe meeting one more day each week 
but this will be decided the week of since we all have busy schedules. I also helped to find screws to the new wheels that we got for our robot to we could attach them. Me and Reagan were working on 
getting VS code downloaded to the jetson, but then it turned out it would be better to use VS code to try Virgil from one of our laptops instead.
Thinking about the future  I want to be able to learn more about the jetson that we are going to use for Virgil, but also probably think about a solution to make the base of our robot better and
more functional for what we are doing in the class. Right now the robot is very biulky and big and I would like to think of something, together with my teammates on how we can make it better.
I am also this next week creating a semester schedule for this semester so that we have a very brief plan of what to do each week.

Reagan Graff

This week:
I researched the Jetson Orin Nano and collaborated with a team member from another group to install Jetpack 6.0 on a new hard drive. I also installed jtop, which lets us monitor information and 
stats on the Jetson. I spent some time experimenting with the new Jetson to become more familiar with the software. Additionally, I retrieved the wheel driver code from the Pico and modified the
main loop to enable the robot to move forward and backward.

Goals:
My goals for the upcoming week are to finalize the Pico program and upload it to the robot. This will enable us to verify that the wheel driver program is functioning correctly. From there, we 
can adjust the robot's wheels to ensure they are synchronized and move straight. Calibrating the speeds with the new wheels is crucial, as it will allow us to proceed to the next step of 
integrating the Jetson into the robot.



Ethan Durham
This week I was introduced to Virgil and the Liverpool-RC project. I assisted in troubleshooting and attaching the new wheels and tires onto the robot. I am beginning to research CAD
design, and trying to learn how to navigate these types of software. I want to begin to create a new compact design for Virgil for the future competitions. 
